Add KMS driver guide to 3.x docs (#835)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/3.1/docs/canton/usermanual/kms/kms_driver_guide.rst

-  Asymmetric Decryption: Decrypt a ciphertext with a private key from
   the KMS and the specified algorithm.
-  Symmetric Encryption and Decryption: Encrypt or decrypt with a
   symmetric encryption key from the KMS. The default symmetric
   encryption algorithm of the KMS is used.
-  Key Management: Get the public key of a private key stored in the
   KMS, check if a key exists, and delete a key.
-  Health: Return the health of the KMS Driver instance.

The API is designed as an asynchronous API using Futures. An
OpenTelemetry trace context is passed in from Canton into the KMS driver
operations to be able to link a Canton request to operations in the KMS.
The driver is responsible for propagating the trace context into the
KMS.

Concretely the Scala interface is defined as the following:

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/enterprise/kms-driver-api/src/main/scala/com/digitalasset/canton/crypto/kms/driver/api/v1/KmsDriver.scala
   :language: Scala

Error Handling and Health
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In case the driver experiences an error the ``Future`` of the operation should be
failed with a ``KmsDriverException``. When the exception's flag retryable is

> true the caller side, i.e., Canton, performs a retry with exponential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
true the caller side, (that is, Canton) performs a retry with exponential
```

backoff. This behavior is suitable for transient errors, such as network issues,

> resource exhaustion etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource exhaustion, etc.
```

Artifactory:

https://digitalasset.jfrog.io/ui/repos/tree/General/canton-kms-driver-api

You must have a Canton enterprise license and account to access the artifact.
You may need to configure your build system to authenticate with a personal
access token towards JFrog Artifactory.

In your build system of choice, you need to depend on the API as a regular
Maven-style artifact with:

-  organization: com.digitalasset.canton
-  artifact: kms-driver-api
-  version: the Canton release version, e.g., 2.9.0

Implement the API and Build the Driver
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Implement the ``v1.KmsDriverFactory`` by specifying the driver's name,
configuration type with readers/writers, and the create method to instantiate a
driver by creating a new class instance of your ``KmsDriver`` implementation.
Specify the fully qualified name of the factory class in the file:

``src/main/resources/META-INF/services/com.digitalasset.canton.crypto.kms.driver.api.v1.KmsDriverFactory``

and in the following file for the base driver factory (without v1):

``src/main/resources/META-INF/services/com.digitalasset.canton.crypto.kms.driver.api.KmsDriverFactory``

> The major part of the implementation is the ``v1.KmsDriver`` that is specific to
> the KMS/HSM to be integrated with. The supported key and algorithm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The major part of the implementation is the ``v1.KmsDriver`` specific to
the KMS/HSM to be integrated with. The supported key and algorithm
```

libraries included in the jar. That way you only need a single driver jar when
starting Canton with your KMS Driver.

KMS Driver Testing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The reusable test suite for KMS Drivers is published at
`canton-kms-driver-testing
<https://digitalasset.jfrog.io/ui/repos/tree/General/canton-kms-driver-testing>`__.
Configure your build system to depend on this maven artifact in the test scope
of your project (e.g. for sbt append % Test to limit the dependency to the test
scope).

KmsDriverTest
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The main part of the test suite is the ``KmsDriverTest`` that tests the
functionality of a driver against the ``KmsDriver`` API.

In the simplest form the specific driver test class extends the
``KmsDriverTest`` and allows the generation of new keys as part of the test:

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/enterprise/aws-kms-driver/src/test/scala/com/digitalasset/canton/nightly/AwsKmsDriverTest.scala
   :language: Scala
   :start-after: user-manual-entry-begin: AwsKmsDriverTest
   :end-before: user-manual-entry-end: AwsKmsDriverTest

Generating new keys can be expensive when running tests during

> development, in particular when using cloud-based KMSs. To mitigate this, the test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
development, particularly with cloud-based KMSs. To mitigate this, the test
```

suite can also be configured to use predefined keys to test most parts (except
key generation) of the KMS Driver API:

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/enterprise/aws-kms-driver/src/test/scala/com/digitalasset/canton/nightly/AwsKmsDriverTest.scala
   :language: Scala
   :start-after: user-manual-entry-begin: AwsKmsDriverWithPredefinedKeysTest
   :end-before: user-manual-entry-end: AwsKmsDriverWithPredefinedKeysTest

For each supported signing/encryption key specification an existing key alias/ID
can be configured as part of the predefined keys maps. When running the test
suite the generation of new keys is not allowed.

KmsDriverFactoryTest
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The test suite for the KMS driver factory is structured similarly to the above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test suite for the KMS Driver factory is structured similarly to the above:
```

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/enterprise/aws-kms-driver/src/test/scala/com/digitalasset/canton/nightly/AwsKmsDriverTest.scala
   :language: Scala
   :start-after: user-manual-entry-begin: AwsKmsDriverFactoryTest
   :end-before: user-manual-entry-end: AwsKmsDriverFactoryTest

The ``KmsDriverFactory`` can write the driver-specific configuration with a
confidential flag being true, which means any sensitive information in the
configuration such as credentials should be omitted from the written
configuration. A specific test case should be added if your driver-specific
configuration contains any confidential information, asserting that the
sensitive information is omitted.

Run Canton with a KMS Driver
----------------------------

> Configure Canton to run with a KMS driver, for example, for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure Canton to run with a KMS Driver, for example, for a
```
